Paul Sarbanes and I served together on the Foreign Relations Committee for 30 years. There was no one sharper, more committed, or with firmer principles. And he, too, returned to his family nearly every night. They meant the world to him.

Rest In Peace, Paul. Today, we remember those we lost at Pearl Harbor 79 years ago — and we salute those who answered duty’s call with strength and courage. Our nation owes an incredible debt to those who have served and must ensure they and their families receive the care they’ve earned.Dr. Fauci isn't just one of our foremost experts on combating viruses—he is a good man and a tireless public servant. He has served six presidents and led us through some of our toughest challenges.

Our administration, and our country, will be stronger because of his guidance.Georgia — Today is your last day to register to vote in the January runoff. 

Head to  to get registered, and let’s flip the Senate.This team of world-class medical experts and public servants will be ready on day one to implement a full government response to this crisis.

Together, we'll overcome our toughest challenges and make health care a right for all Americans. I promise you this: I will spare no effort — or commitment — to end this pandemic.The dreams of too many Americans have been deferred for too long. 

We must make the promise of this nation real for everybody — no matter their race, identity, ethnicity, or faith.With COVID-19 cases rising across the nation, we need to ramp up our production of personal protective equipment. We have to ensure our brave health care workers have everything they need to safely battle this virus.I know times are tough, the challenges are daunting, but I know we can do this.

We can create an economic recovery for all. We can move from crisis to recovery to resurgence.

This is the United States of America. We’ve done it before — and we will do it again.My dad used to say, “Joey, I don’t expect the government to solve my problems. But I expect it to understand my problems.”

Folks out there aren’t looking for a handout — they just need help. They’re in trouble through no fault of their own, and they need us to understand. If Congress and President Trump fail to act by the end of December:

- 12 million Americans will lose unemployment benefits
- Emergency paid leave will end
- The moratorium on evictions will expire 

The situation is urgent. Americans need help and they need it now.Our country is in the middle of a dramatic spike in COVID-19 cases. Please wear a mask, keep social distancing, and limit the size of any groups. It’s our patriotic duty as Americans.With less than 50 days until Inauguration Day, now is the perfect time to stock up on gear to celebrate. Head to  to find everything you need.On the day I’m inaugurated, I’ll call on the public to wear a mask for 100 days.

Let’s keep our fellow Americans safe and save lives. To everyone who is struggling, I promise you help is on the way. I nominated @neeratanden to lead OMB because she's a brilliant policy mind with experience across government. She will help us control the virus, deal with the economic crisis, and build back better. And above all she believes what I believe: a budget should reflect our values. Tune in as I deliver remarks on the final jobs report of 2020 and the state of our economy. As soon as Dr. Fauci declares we have a safe vaccine, I’ll take it. Georgia — Our work isn’t over yet.

Register to vote by December 7th, and let’s flip the Senate:  It’s time we reward hard work in America — not just wealth.On this International Day of People with Disabilities and every day of the Biden-Harris administration, we'll be fully committed to dignity, equity, and civil rights for all people with disabilities. They'll always have a voice and be at the table for the critical work ahead.Once a vaccine is ready and approved, @KamalaHarris and I are going to ensure it’s distributed equitably, efficiently, and free of charge to every American.Yesterday, I spent the afternoon hearing from workers and small business owners on the economic impact COVID-19 has had on their lives. Americans are hurting — it’s why as president, I’ll work to provide immediate relief and get our economy back on track. With this team — and others who we'll add in the weeks ahead — we'll create a recovery for all and get this economy moving again. Let us begin the work to heal, unite, and rebuild an economy for all Americans. We’re facing the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression — and Americans need immediate relief. Tune in for a discussion with workers and small business owners on how we move forward. Congratulations to the newest United States Senator @SenMarkKelly. I know he’ll serve the people of Arizona well, and I look forward to working together to build this country back better.From the most unequal economic and jobs crisis in modern history, we can build a new American economy that works for everyone.

But we need to act now — and we have to work together.Today, I was proud to announce key nominations and appointments for critical economic positions in the Biden-Harris administration.

A first-rate team that will get us through the economic crisis and help build our economy back better than before. This World AIDS Day, Jill and I join with communities around the globe to remember those we've lost. Because of the hard work of advocates, activists, and frontline workers, an AIDS-free generation is within reach — and my administration will work tirelessly to make it a reality.50 days until we make history and can call @KamalaHarris Madam Vice President. My message to everyone struggling right now is this: Help is on the way.We need to deliver immediate relief for the American people and build our economy back better than ever. Tune in as I introduce key members of my economic team for the first time. .@TTDAFLCIO President Larry Willis was a relentless champion for working families. Jill and I are keeping his loved ones in our prayers. Jill and I send our best wishes to everyone celebrating the Hmong New Year. Things look a little different this year, but we hope your festivities are safe and joyous as you mark the possibilities of new beginnings. Nyob Zoo Xyoo Tshiab!My administration won’t just build back to the way things were before — we’re going to build back better. We’re going to ensure every single American has a fair shot to get ahead.We have no time to lose to address the economic crisis we face and build our economy back better.

This team will be ready on Day One to pull every lever of government to help those hardest hit by COVID-19 and right the structural inequalities in our economy. It’s time to put away the harsh rhetoric, lower the temperature, and listen to each other again.

To make progress, we must stop treating our opponents as our enemy. 

We are not enemies. We are Americans.Let me be clear: Wearing a mask is not about making your life less comfortable or taking something away. It’s to give something back to all of us — a normal life.